they say that curiosity although it has the
power to kill somehow a
cat apparently humans are
immune we know how to unleash the
greatest mysteries that we know some
of these are very interesting and in
change others really puzzling
so much that it will make you dig deeper into the subject
I assure
very well then I invite you to you
you see four great mysteries
of humanity first part
one of the many related mysteries
with the murder of john f kennedy was
undoubtedly the one that has to do with the
diva looks for this woman known
subsequently with this name due to
his old-fashioned clothes and handkerchief
that he had tied to his head
I found in the scene when
facts were carried out on the day that
the president was killed she was
filming the passage of the caravan
presidential with a good camera
cinema surely 8 millimeters this
film that he recorded could undoubtedly be the
most valuable document for
investigation of the murder of john
f.kennedy since it was filmed from the
better viewing angle to register
everything that happened on the mound of
grass the place from where the
shots
when the shots were heard his
way of reacting it was strange because
everyone crouched less than her
this was the last time you could see
this mysterious woman
the diva seeks has never been able to be
identified or interrogated and nothing has been
known about the valuable movie he filmed
the best testimonial document of
jfk's murder is still a
mystery whereabouts unknown
the sea and celestial sailed on November 7
of 1872 from new york under the command
from the experienced capital benjamin brics
the crew consisted of eight
men the captain's wife and her daughter
the ship carries a cargo of 700 thousand
barrels of American alcohol that
they waited in genoa but they never arrived
to receive the shipment on 5
December 1832 the sea and celestial was
found by the bric oletta of and
sailing adrift and unmanned
on board the sailboat sailed on course
fixed and was in perfect condition
conservation
they dropped a boat and after a few seconds
they managed to board the ship the first
inspection confirmed that the vessel was
desert there was no trace of the
crew had disappeared by
full
the lifeboats were complete
the interior of the boat was
empty and loading together with all
the provisions were intact the first
officer found jewelry money a valuable
gold medallion furniture books letters
personal and clothing all
It was in order and it seemed that the
crew was still there but not
there was nobody what surprised the most
captain of the other ship was find in the
kitchen over a hot stove
a saucepan with a freshly cooked chicken
and some tea bowls still warm on the
central table
all data will be confusing everything is
ordered the small objects reposed
on its tables and shelves if it had been
a storm or collision would have fallen
the logbook found
in the camera between the captain and the
last entry of November 24, no
they reflected nothing extraordinary nothing that
could explain the mysterious
disappearance of the crew
the marfa lights or ghost lights are
some supposed balls of light that appear
they change color and dance in the
air to these lights they are called from that
way through the town where they appeared
East of March in the state of Texas
in the usa there is only evidence
testimonial about it and many believe
which are due to the lights of the
automobiles reflected in the clouds to
reflectors of light and obviously also
there are some who consider that they are ships
extraterrestrial space
Robert Reed Ellison was the first
report about these lights in 1883
At first he thought they could
be fires of the Apache Indians but
later the researchers needed
that during the day they were not achieved
find remains of ashes or other
evidence elements that were
fires that caused those lights
the skeptics have made the claim
that the ghost lights are no more
that the distant lights of cars that
They pass by a road in the distance
horizon however they do not offer any
explanation of the sightings and
stories transmitted by the Apaches
who argue that the lights are the
spirit of one of his chiefs either
they take into account the observations made
for the cowboys and the soldiers a lot
before the road was
built today those lights continue
being an enigma for science amen of
an important tourist enclave
on June 30, 1908 about 7 in the
tomorrow the inhabitants of a part of the
immense region of Siberia north of
russia felt a huge explosion that
it shook the ground and produced a light
blinding the magnitude of it
up to about 1000 kilometers of
distance and 60 kilometers from the site
the people were thrown
violently to the ground due to a
strong expansive wave this was followed
of a production of a smoke column
several meters high
the explosion that would later be
located in a desolate area near
of the tunguska river had a power
estimated a thousand times greater than the bomb
atomic of hiroshima supposedly at
being a meteorite the scientists
They expected to meet a huge
crater on site and numerous
fragments of rocks scattered in the
forest however his surprise was
capitalized to not find neither one nor
the other
this caused an intense debate
scientific and many theories
they started to think about reaching
there are about 30 of them with greater or
lower credibility the most accurate up
the moment is that it was a
meteorite or a comet that entered the
terrestrial atmosphere and exploded a couple of
kilometers above the ground
Siberian at this time it was believed that
the same would be composed of ice what
which would explain the absence of remains
rocky in the whole area this explanation
does not yet satisfy the entire community
scientific
that the agent has never been discovered
cause of such a huge explosion has
motivated numerous theories of the
conspiracy without any foundation
scientific some pretty crazy
among them is the possible fall and
explosion of a spaceship
a violent gas leak from the interior
of the earth and has even speculated
that could be caused by tests
attributed to nikola tesla and
his ray of death